feat: edge post-processor (#199)
ecmwf/anemoi-core: graphs/docs/graphs/post_processor.rst

In this configuration, any node with the attribute `important_nodes` set
will not be pruned, regardless of its connectivity status.

********************
 RestrictEdgeLength
********************

The ``RestrictEdgeLength`` post-processor will remove edges longer than
a certain treshold (set in km). This can be useful when one or multiple
edge builders create edges of various lenghts, some of which are
undesirable. For example when using ``KNNEdges`` applied to all of the
hidden mesh but only a subset of the data nodes (e.g. those in a LAM
region) also connections are made to hidden mesh nodes very far away
from the restricted set of data nodes. With this post-processor one can
remove such edges, effectively providing a ``KNNedges`` algorithm
applied only that part of the data mesh within a certain distance to the
restricted set of data nodes.

After the long edges are removed the edge attributes are recomputed,

> since the removal of a large number of edges can affect those, e.g.
> their normalisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
since the removal of a large number of edges can shift their distribution.
```

Author: `since the removal of a large number of edges can change their distribution.`

.. code:: yaml

   nodes: ...
   edges: ...

   post_processors:
   - _target_: anemoi.graphs.processors.RestrictEdgeLength
     source_name: data                #source nodes of the edges to be processed
     target_name: hidden              #target nodes of the edges to be processed
     threshold: 20                    #edges longer than the threshold of 20 km will be removed

The ``RestrictEdgeLength`` post-processor also supports the
``source_mask_attr_name`` and ``target_mask_attr_name`` arguments. These
are optional but allow to refer to a Boolean attribute of the
source/target nodes and only those edges whose source/target is ``True``

> under this Boolean mask will be postprocessed. This can be useful if one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
under this boolean mask will be postprocessed. This can be useful if one
```

Author: Looks like capital is standard use? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean
